while loop:
---------------
evaluates the condition before the code is executed.
do-while:
--------
evaluates the condition after the code block is executed.
the if/else statement executes a block of code if a specified condition is true
if the condition is false, another block of code can be executed.
* the if/else statement is part of javascript conditional statements, which are used to different actions on different conditions
* use if to specify block of code to be executed if a specified condition is true.
*use else to specify a block of code to be executed, if the same condition is false
use else if to specify a new condition to test,if the first condition is false.
use else if to specify a new condition to test, if the first condition is false.
use switch to select one of many blocks of code to be executed.
parameters means some conditions
----------------------
javascript loop statements:
break-breaks out of a loop
continue-skips a value in a loop
while-loops a code block while condition is true
do-while-loop a code block once& then while a condition is true.
for-loops a code block while condition is true.
for-of: loop the values of any iterable
for-in: loops the properties of an object.
java script statements:
----------
break,class,const,continue,debugger,do..while,for,for in,for of,function,if-else,let,return,switch,throw,try catch,var,while.
Array of for each:
-----
the for each () method calls a function(a callback function) once for each array element.
loops:
---
loops can execute a block of code as long as specified condition is true.
for of:
--
the javascript for of statement loop through the values of an iterable object.
it lets you loop over iterable data structures such as array, strings, maps, nodelists and more.
variable:
-------------
for every iteration the value of the next property is assigned to the variable.
variables are declared const, let or var
iterable:An object that has iterable properties.
key vallue loop in javascript:
javascript allows developers to access & manipulate each key-value pair contained withinthe object.
why to use key value in javascript?
to access& manipulate the values stored in the object.
for example:-
for(var k in target){
if(target.hasown property(k)){
alert("key is"+k+", value is+target[k]);}}
* table index in java:
a table index in java is a data structure that improves the performance of database queries.By provinding a more efficient way to locate data.
Indexs are created on one or more columns of a table:
------------
1)b-trees index
2)hash index
And they store the values of those columns in a stored order.
this allows the database to quickly find the rows that match a given query condition
*Table index in java:
---------
Is a copy of selected columns of data from table that is designed to enable very efficient search.
java script function bind():
----
*Function Borrowing:
----
with the bind method an object can barrow a method from another object.The bind() method solves this problems.
Sometimes the bind method has to be used to prevent losing this
when a function is used as a callback, this is lost
what is this?
in js the this keyword refers to an object
this
1)refers to the object
2)global object
3)in a function this refers to the global object
4)in a function in strike mode this is undefined
5)in a event this refers to the element that received the event
6)method like call(),apply(),bind() can refer this to any object
Note:
--------
this is a not a variable
it is a keyword
you cannot change the value of this
variables created without a declaration keyword (var, let or const) are always global even if they are created inside a function.
Note:
Array index start with  0
[0] is the 1st element
[1] is the 2nd element


  